{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Questions for Product Owner of CTFastrak Project\
\
\
\ul Deadline requirement\
\ulnone When will this project need to be completed by?\
\
\ul Project questions \
\ulnone \
1. We are proposing building this project as a web application (an application that runs in your browser and is accessible via the Internet). Is that acceptable for the project requirements?\
\
2. Are you planning on launching this as an extension of the CTFastrak site (on their domain) or should we plan to host the application on our own domain?\
\
3. Are there any preferred frameworks or stacks on which to build this project? (e.g. AngularJS, or LAMP.)\
\
4. Do you have any requirements for compatibility (e.g. does this need to work on mobile, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, versions of Internet Explorer older than 9.0?) \
\
5. What are the basic minimum features of supported browsers for this web app? (e.g. needs to support JavaScript, needs to support HTML5,  geolocation, etc.)\
\
6. What sort of bandwidth does the CTFastrak backend have and what type of load can we expect to be supported? (e.g. is it okay to make several JSON requests per minute on each instance of the application?)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Feature Questions\ulnone \
\
7. Should we build user accounts with preference and history data? (e.g. offering previous destinations on the map, prioritizing a specific bus/route that a user prefers over a faster one, saving favorite locations, etc.)\
\
8. Should users have the ability to turn GTFS notifications on or off? What about real-time updates (maybe in order to save data on mobile)?\
\
9. When displaying map and buses, what is the viewable range for the user? (and is there a fixed map range like a transit map or should the map be scalable and interactive?)\
\
10. Are we adding keyboard shortcuts into the app for \'93power users?\'94\
\
11. Are we expected to use additional traffic data outside of that provided by CTFastrak to intelligently detect traffic and other road conditions?\
\
12. Should we integrate any form of social media into the app\'92s functionality?\
\
13. Should we offer trip scheduling? (For planning on leaving at a later time and getting accurate routes based on the expected departure time)}